# Problem-Solving-in-C

Q1.Write a C Program to check whether a triangle is equilateral, isosceles, or scalene. Q2.Write a C Program to check whether a triangle is right-angled or not. Q3.Write a C Program to check whether a point (x, y) lies in which quadrant. Q4.Write a C Program to check whether the sum of three angles forms a valid triangle. Q5.Write a C Program to check whether three sides form a valid triangle. Q6.Write a C Program to check whether four sides form a square or rectangle. Q7.Write a C Program to calculate the distance between two points (x1,y1) and (x2,y2). Q8.Write a C Program to check whether a year is a leap year or not. Q9.Write a C Program to check whether a given year is a century year or not. Q10.Write a C Program to check whether the first two digits and last two digits of a year are equal. Q11.Write a C Program to check whether two given years have the same last digit. Q12.Write a C Program to check whether a given year and month combination is valid and print the number of days in that month (consider leap years for February). Q13.Write a C Program to Arithmetic Calculator using switch case Statements. Q14.Write a C Program to check grade of a student based on marks (A, B, C, Fail). Q15.Write a C Program to check whether the given day number (1–7) is a weekday or weekend. Q16.Write a C Program using switch case to print the season based on month number(Winter, Spring, Summer, Autumn). Q17.Write a C Program using switch to implement a mini ATM simulation. Q18.Write a C Program to calculate different discount for different Bill amount. Q19.Write a C Program to check whether a person is eligible to vote (age ≥ 18). Q20.Write a C Program to check whether a person is eligible for senior citizen benefits (age ≥ 60). Q21.Write a C program to display mobile Battery Check – "Low Battery", "50% Consumed", or "Battery Full". Q22.Write a C program to check if temperature is above 100 (fever check). Q23.Write a C program to check pass/fail based on marks (marks ≥ 35 = pass). Q24.Write a C program to calculate electricity bill using slab rates (0–100 free, 101–300 = ₹5/unit, >300 = ₹10/unit) and apply surcharge if consumption exceeds 500 units. Q25.Write a C program to check if an entered PIN matches the stored ATM PIN before allowing withdrawal. Q26.Write a C program to check if withdrawal amount ≤ balance and is a multiple of 100 (ATM Withdrawal Validation). Q27.Write a C program to print "Stop / Ready / Go" based on traffic light color. Q28.Write a C program to apply discount based on purchase amount. Q29.Write a C program to show weather condition (cold, pleasant, hot, heatwave) based on temperature. Q30.Write a C program to display mobile battery status (full, moderate, low). Q31.Write a C program to assign ticket price based on passenger age (child, adult, senior). Q32.Write a C program to check whether vehicle speed exceeds 100 km/h. Q33.Write a C program to validate a mobile number . If it has 10 or more digits, print “Valid Number”, otherwise print “Invalid Number”. Q34.Write a C program to assign different ticket prices based on day of the week (weekday/weekend). Q35.Write a C program to calculate water bill using slab rates (≤1000 liters free, next 2000 @ ₹5, above @ ₹10 per 1000 liters). Q36.Write a C program to display mobile data usage alert – "Low Data", "Half Consumed", or "Data Over" based on usage. Q37.Write a C program to calculate the attendance percentage of a student and determine exam eligibility or not eligibility. Q38. Write a C program to print the first digit of a given number. Q39. Write a C program to find whether the first digit of a given number is odd or even. Q40. Write a C program to check whether the given digit is occurred in a number. Q41. Write a C program to count the occurrence of a digit in a number. Q42. Write a C program to check whether the digits of a number are in ascending order. Q43. Write a C program to check whether the digits of a number are in descending order. Q44. Write a C program to swap the first and last digit of a given number. Q45. Write a C program to find the frequency of each digit in a given number. Q46. Write a C program to find the largest digit in a given number. Q47. Write a C program to find the smallest digit in a given number. Q48. Write a C program to check whether all digits of a number are even or odd or mixed. Q49. Write a C program to find the difference between the sum of even digits and odd digits of a number. Q50. Write a C program to remove all zeroes from a given number. Q51. Write a C program to calculate the sum of squares and cubes of digits of a number. Q52. Write a C program to print each digit of a number in words. Q53. Write a C program to print the factorial of a given number N. Q54. Write a C program to calculate the sum of digits of a given number. Q55. Write a C program to count the number of digits in a given number. Q56. Write a C program to print the product of digits of a given number. Q57. Write a C program to reverse a given number. Q58. Write a C program to check whether a number is palindrome or not. Q59. Write a C program to check whether a number is Armstrong number or not. Q60. Write a C program to find the GCD of two numbers. Q61. Write a C program to find the LCM of two numbers. Q62. Write a C program to check whether a given number is prime or not. Q63. Write a C program to print all factors of a given number. Q64. Write a C program to find the sum of all factors of a given number. Q65. Write a C program to check whether a given integer is a perfect square or not. Q66. Write a C program to check whether a given number is a Strong Number or not. Q67. Write a C program to check whether a given number is a Perfect Number or not. Q68. Write a C program to check whether a given number is a Neon Number or not. Q69. Write a C program to check whether a given number is a Harshad Number or not. Q70. Write a C program to check whether a given number is a Buzz Number or not. Q71. Write a C program to check whether a given number is an Automorphic Number or not. Q72. Write a C program to check whether a given number is a Magic Number or not. Q73. Write a C program to check whether a given integer is a power of 2 or not. Q74. Write a C program to multiply two numbers without using * operator. Q75. Write a C program to find N power of M (Exponentiation) without using predefined function. Q76. Write a C program to print all the English alphabets in uppercase. Q77. Write a C program to print all the English alphabets in lowercase. Q78. Write a C program to print lowercase English alphabets in reverse order. Q79. Write a C program to print English alphabets that lie between two given alphabets. Q80. Write a C program to print vowels and consonants separately from alphabets Q81. Write a C program to print ASCII values from A-Z. Q82. Write a C program to count the number of 1s and 0s in a binary number. Q83. Write a C program to convert decimal to binary number. Q84. Write a C program to convert binary to decimal number. Q85. Write a C program to convert a charecter from uppercase to lowercase using ASCII Values. Q86. Write a C program to print N natural numbers. Q87. Write a C program to print whole numbers till N. Q88. Write a C program to print odd numbers till N. Q89. Write a C program to print even numbers till N. Q90. Write a C program to print N natural numbers in reverse. Q91. Write a C program to calculate sum of first N natural numbers. Q92. Write a C program to print N odd numbers. Q93. Write a C program to print N even numbers. Q94. Write a C program to calculate sum of even and odd numbers till N. Q95. Write a C program to calculate sum of N given numbers. Q96. Write a C program to print "Hello World" for N times. Q97. Write a C program to print multiplication table of N. Q98. Write a C program to calculate sum of multiple positive numbers (Stop if user enters negative number). Q99. Write a C program to calculate sum of N positive numbers (Skip the negative number and get another input instead). Q100. Write a C program to print all prime numbers from 1 to N. Q101. Write a C program to print the first N prime numbers. Q102. Write a C program to print all Armstrong numbers between 1 to N. Q103. Write a C program to print all Strong numbers between 1 to N. Q104. Write a C program to print all Perfect numbers between 1 to N. Q105. Write a C program to print Fibonacci series up to a given number limit. Q106. Write a C program to print all Buzz numbers between 1 to N. Q107. Write a C program to print all Magic numbers between 1 to N. Q108. Write a C program to print all numbers between 1 to N which are power of 2. Q109. Write a C program to print all numbers between 1 to N which are perfect squares. Q110. Write a C program to print all numbers between 1 to N which are perfect cubes.
